How to Contribute to a Repository on GitHub
========

Go to the repository (repo) to which you would like to contribute. Here,
I have browsed to <https://github.com/BIS305/bis305>. Select the Fork
button in the upper-right hand corner of the page.

![](.//contrib_images/image1.png)

Then, in the Fork dialog, select where the repo should be forked. I
selected my m2web account.

![](.//contrib_images/image2.png)

After the repo is forked, you will see something like the following:

![](.//contrib_images/image3.png)

Note that the forked repo has the fork icon and states from which repo
it was forked.

![](.//contrib_images/image4.png)

Next, we will clone the newly forked repo into a local repo. First, I
copy the forked repo's URL.

![](.//contrib_images/image5.png)

Then, I clone the forked repo locally.

![](.//contrib_images/image6.png)

I would like to update the repo's README.md file and submit it back to
the forked repo's collaborators for review. Hopefully, they will like
the requested change.

In order to do that I am going to create a feature or topic branch in
which to make the change.

![](.//contrib_images/image7.png)

As you can see above, I have created a new branch called UpdateReadme, I
checked out the new branch, and now I am ready to update the README.md
file.

On line 4 below, you see where I have added the text, "and contribute."

![](.//contrib_images/image8.png)

Next, I check the status of the update, add the updated file to stage
(index), and then commit the change to the local repo. Finally, I push
it to my forked repo.

![](.//contrib_images/image9.png)

Now when I go back to the forked repo on GitHub, I can see that GitHub
noticed that I pushed a new topic branch and presents me with a green
button to check out our changes and open a Pull Request to the original
project.

![](.//contrib_images/image10.png)

After selecting the Compare & pull request button I was taken to the
Open a pull request view. I enter some additional text and select the
Create pull request button.

![](.//contrib_images/image11.png)

Meanwhile, back in the original repo, of which also belongs to me, I see
the following and select the Merge pull request button.

![](.//contrib_images/image12.png)

Next, I selected to confirm the merge.

![](.//contrib_images/image13.png)

Finally, I selected to remove the topic branch from the original repo.

![](.//contrib_images/image14.png)

Now, when I look at the original repo in GitHub, I see the updated
README.md.

![](.//contrib_images/image15.png)
